
We want to create a web app where the user uploads a picture of a dish. and the app with the help of AI would determine the name of the dish and the recipe for the dish and it would store then the picture and the recipe and the user interface would show all the pictures taken by the user as tiles and when it clicks on a picture it would show the recipe. Okay, any other features? Yeah, I think from, so there could be two personas. One persona where a new user is creating the recipes, uploading the picture. Second could be searching the recipe based on the title, right? So there could be two personas, what we can think of. Okay, yeah. What was I gonna say? No need for login or anything at this stage. It's just a prototype, so it just goes straight into the initial page. As I said earlier, the landing page is a tiled view of dish pictures, and then as you click on them, it opens up the recipe.

But then there should also be a search feature, is what you're saying, so that you can type in a recipe name, a dish name, rather, and it will return, it will display that. Oh, any... Matching. Or could also search by ingredients. Ingredients also. Search by ingredient also. Ingredients, yeah. Okay. Like I have a list, put a list of ingredients and then it shows the recipes containing those ingredients. Yes. And if required we can include the prices of the recipes as well whenever the user is wanting to find something. So the AI would also calculate the price of the recipe? Yeah. Okay. We should be clear now that this is just a prototype, so we are not expecting an integration with any AI service, so we'll just stub the recipes out with dummy data now, so we should have a pre-canned set of maybe five dummy recipes which get shown at random as the user uploads pictures. Right, so we are faking the interaction with AI for now? Yes, until we can created.

How should the user upload the pictures? Should it be like a file upload dialog or do we expect the user can say drag an image from the desktop onto the web app? Yeah, we need to allow the user actually. Actually, there should be both options. We can have it on mobile as well, right? In that case, we need to allow the user... So for now, it's not mobile. Yeah, it's just web app. Then in that case, it should be drag and drop. Even he can use his camera as well for capturing the photo. We could use the camera of the laptop also. I think for now we can just keep it without camera. Otherwise it will be complicated. So essentially just drag and drop, select and upload. Browse and upload basically. Yeah, so two options. So the user, Johnny, he opens the app and the list of the tithes of the picture is shown or previously uploaded. The available list, we need to show him. If he is not interested, then we need to allow the user for uploading. And then there is a button to...

I think maybe like a big plus button or something like that. There's a big plus button to upload a new recipe. And then he can just select a file from the laptop or the computer or drag and drop the file. So it will be a model dialog. Yes, good point. So the user presses the plus button, it brings up a mode of dialogue where the user can either drag and drop or select a file. Then the app simulates AI by providing one of the random recipes and shows it to the user for validation. And then ask the user for the name of the recipe, maybe on the dish. Or no, it should provide the name of the dish. Yeah, the AI should provide the name of the dish. So persona-wise, what we are saying is that there are two personas. One, someone can add recipes, right? And then there are people who can search on this site. like recipes based on ingredients. Ah, you think of a site, we're thinking of a local... A single user thing, so it's like an individual's thing.

So you're thinking of like a recipe sharing site then, so multi-user. Yes, so it's a two-person... I had imagined just an individual's... It's like an app, but on your laptop. But then it could evolve into... Yeah, maybe we can take that as a later step, where it evolves. Okay, so for now, we say initial proof of concept, just a single user with their own recipes. No requirement for multi-user recipe sharing. No security. No security. No login. And there should be a config file with pre-canned recipes. For the fake mod? Yeah. Five recipes in a file that will be selected randomly when the user uploads a picture. Okay, that's it? Yeah. Thank you.
            